
Test Scripts
-------------

demo1 - AIRS to CrIS translation demo
demo2 - CrIS to AIRS translation demo

cris_test5 - processes all the fitting profiles and plots the means
    of residuals.  Derived frim cris_test4, drops the interpolation
    tests and adds some stats.  This is the current test script.

cris_test4 - processes all the fitting profiles and plots the means
    of residuals.  Derived frim cris_test3, calls airs2cris instead
    of airs_decon and adds an option for hamming apodization of the
    test radiances.

cris_test7 - compare deconvolved AIRS with 0.2 cm-1 sinc ILS
cris_test6 - AIRS to CrIS translation benchmark


Functions and Support
----------------------

srf_read - read an hdf4 format SRF file

mkaconv -- build a sparse AIRS convolution matrix from channel indices 
           and an explicit input frequency grid, typiccaly a channel set

mksconv -- build a sparse AIRS convolution matrix from channel indices 
           and a spacing parameter for the input grid.

plot_chans1 - find a lower bound for AIRS 1b channel step size
plot_chans2 - show channels step sizes before and after trimming


Older tests (in zold)
----------------------

aconv_test1 -- translate AIRS to CrIS with an inverse convolution
    matrix from mkaconv1, for 1b data only

aconv_test2 -- translate AIRS to CrIS with an inverse convolution
    matrix, version for 1c data, AIRS and CrIS Bt data.  4-way
    comparison of true AIRS, AIRS deconvolved, AIRS deconvolved and
    interpolated to CrIS, and true CrIS

aconv_test3 -- translate AIRS to CrIS with an inverse convolution
    matrix, version for AIRS 1b radiance data.  3-way comparison of
    true AIRS, AIRS deconvolved, and AIRS deconvolved and interpolated
    to CrIS

bconv_test1 -- translate AIRS to CrIS with an inverse convolution
    matrix, via deconvolution to the SRF tabulation grid.  derived
    from aconv_test2 and sconv_test4, reports results similar to
    aconv_test2.  Works well with 1c channel sets.

cris_test3 -- cris_test2 reworked to process all the fitting
    profiles and plot the means of residuals

cris_test2 -- cris_test_1 with airs_decon split off and improved
    caching of the pseudo-inverse matrix

cris_test1 -- compare CrIS reference truth ("true CrIS") with AIRS
    deconvolution followed by CrIS convolution ("AIRS CrIS")

sconv_test1 -- initial tests of inverting the full-sized convolution
    matrix from mksconv, from /home/motteler/sconv

sconv_test2 -- AIRS channel deconvolution to channel grid test.
    this runs OK but the results are similar to or slightly worse
    than with spline interpolation.

sconv_test3 -- AIRS channel deconvolution to kcarta grid test.
    would like to try a Moore–Penrose or generalized pseudoinverse,
    but S1 is too big, even with the sparse SVD libs.  The code runs
    with a right-inverse but with lousy results

sconv_test4 -- AIRS channel deconvolution to SRF tabulation grid.
    gives significant improvement except at edges of band gaps.
    also, compares the column sum of B1 vs the row sum of B1 inv
    Works well with 1c channel sets

sconv_test5 -- AIRS channel deconvolution to SRF tabulation grid.
    this version adds fake SRFs at the edges of the band gaps, and
    did not work very well.  an earlier version added smoothing
    constraints and also did not work well.

interp_test1 -- demo using finterp to take AIRS to CrIS radiances,
    finterp does a linear interpolation to dv1 and then a fourier
    interpolation to dv2.

interp_test2 -- demo using finterp to take AIRS 1b or 1c to CrIS
    radiances.  finterp does a linear interpolation to the dv1
    spacing and then a fourier interpolation to dv2.


Older function (in zold)
-------------------------

chanstep  - set a lower bound on AIRS channel step size
damp_pinv - produce a set of smoothed pseudo-SRFs
fake_srf  - make a fake AIRS SRF file from a real one
gap_chans - make a list of fake channel centers for gap edges
getcfreq  - return 1b channel frequencies from an AIRS SRF file

mkaconv1 - build an nchan x nchan AIRS convolution matrix, early
    version for 1b data only, derived from mksconv

mkaconv2 - build an nchan x nchan AIRS convolution matrix, drops
    close neighbors, works with 1b or 1c SRF sets.  derived from
    mksconv, which reads an HDF SRF file and builds a sparse matrix
    for applying AIRS convolutions to high res data

mkaconv3 - early verion of mkaconv1 without channel trimming

mksconv  - build a sparse SRF convolution matrix (15 Jan 02)

seq_isect - return the indices of the intersection of 2 grids.

