
Test Scripts
-------------

cris_test3 -- cris_test2 reworked to process all the fitting
    profiles and plot the means of residuals

cris_test2 -- cris_test_1 with airs_decon split off and improved
    caching of the pseudo-inverse matrix

cris_test1 -- compare CrIS reference truth ("true CrIS") with AIRS
    deconvolution followed by CrIS convolution ("AIRS CrIS")

bconv_test1 -- translate AIRS to CrIS with an inverse convolution
    matrix, via deconvolution to the SRF tabulation grid.  derived
    from aconv_test2 and sconv_test4, reports results similar to
    aconv_test2.  Works well with 1c channel sets.

sconv_test4 -- AIRS channel deconvolution to SRF tabulation grid.
    gives significant improvement except at edges of band gaps.
    also, compares the column sum of B1 vs the row sum of B1 inv
    Works well with 1c channel sets

aconv_test2 -- translate AIRS to CrIS with an inverse convolution
    matrix, version for 1c data, AIRS and CrIS Bt data.  4-way
    comparison of true AIRS, AIRS deconvolved, AIRS deconvolved and
    interpolated to CrIS, and true CrIS

interp_test2 -- demo using finterp to take AIRS 1b or 1c to CrIS
    radiances.  finterp does a linear interpolation to the dv1
    spacing and then a fourier interpolation to dv2.


Functions and Support
----------------------

airs_decon -- deconvolve AIRS radiances

mksconv2   -- build a sparse AIRS convolution matrix

kc2cris    -- convolve kcarta to cris channel radiances

trim_chans -- drop close neighbors from an AIRS channel set

fake_srf   -- make a fake AIRS SRF file from a real one

getcfreq   -- return 1b channel frequencies from an AIRS SRF file

plot_chans1 -- find a lower bound for AIRS 1b channel step size

mkaconv2 -- build an nchan x nchan AIRS convolution matrix, drops
    close neighbors, works with 1b or 1c SRF sets.  derived from
    mksconv, which reads an HDF SRF file and builds a sparse matrix
    for applying AIRS convolutions to high res data

mksconv -- build a sparse SRF convolution matrix (15 Jan 02)


Older tests  (mostly in zold)
------------------------------

sconv_test5 -- AIRS channel deconvolution to SRF tabulation grid.
    this version adds fake SRFs at the edges of the band gaps, and
    did not work very well.  an earlier version added smoothing
    constraints and also did not work well.

sconv_test3 -- AIRS channel deconvolution to kcarta grid test.
    would like to try a Moore–Penrose or generalized pseudoinverse,
    but S1 is too big, even with the sparse SVD libs.  The code runs
    with a right-inverse but with lousy results

sconv_test2 -- AIRS channel deconvolution to channel grid test.
    this runs OK but the results are similar to or slightly worse
    than with spline interpolation.

aconv_test1 -- translate AIRS to CrIS with an inverse convolution
    matrix from mkaconv1, for 1b data only

aconv_test3 -- translate AIRS to CrIS with an inverse convolution
    matrix, version for AIRS 1b radiance data.  3-way comparison of
    true AIRS, AIRS deconvolved, and AIRS deconvolved and interpolated
    to CrIS

interp_test1 -- demo using finterp to take AIRS to CrIS radiances,
    finterp does a linear interpolation to dv1 and then a fourier
    interpolation to dv2.

sconv_test1 -- initial tests of inverting the full-sized convolution
    matrix from mksconv, from /home/motteler/sconv


older function (mostly in zold)
--------------------------------

chanstep -- set a lower bound on AIRS channel step size

seq_isect -- return the indices of the intersection of 2 grids.

gap_chans -- make a list of fake channel centers for gap edges

damp_pinv -- produce a set of smoothed pseudo-SRFs

mkaconv3 -- early verion of mkaconv1 without channel trimming

mkaconv1 -- build an nchan x nchan AIRS convolution matrix, early
    version for 1b data only, derived from mksconv

